Add documentation for indexing batch size configuration (#7527)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/reference/configuration/indexingsettings.md

The complex editors are also indexed to their own separate fields, which then contains "the sum" of all properties contained within.

In some cases this yields a lot of fields in the index, which can lead to errors when performing searches. Changing this setting to `false` can mend that issue. It prevents each contained property from being written to the index in its own field.

## BatchSize

> For large indexing operations (rebuilding an index, for example), content is loaded from the database and indexed in batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For large indexing operations (such as rebuilding an index), content is loaded from the database and indexed in batches.
```
